welcome everyone.
And welcome to the real life shell scripting section.
This is the actual section that you've been waiting for,
where you want to learn actual real life script ings In this section,
we are going to court all ex scripts that I have actually experienced in all my 16 17 years
off system administration system engineering,
type of related task where I had to actually automate tasks using shell scripting.
And there are also many other shell scripts that I have included in this section that you
would wind very,
very useful in a real life for you.
If you are already in a system administrator capacity,
you will find those scripts really helpful.
That will help you automate your daily task.
I'm not going to list every script right here because I will keep adding them as the course
goes and you will see so much information about